hi everybody this is Catherine's 8-bit
physic in action I had a few people ask
me how we make my breakfast is I usually
have a quinoa breakfast in the morning
or have a stone mill oatmeal so you
could do this same recipe with both of
them today will be the quinoa and you're
going to start by making your batch of
quinoa
I never just make one portion I usually
make enough room so we can have it two
three times so let's get started
so for this we're going to use one cup
of quinoa you could use one cup of the
this won't cut oats same thing and we're
going to use it's it's double so you're
going to use 2 cups of water so we're
going to put that in it's already
boiling so I'm two of the patients
actually wait for it to boil this is
boiling water put that there
you're going to add your quinoa to it
you see it's already boiling put Yukino
in there
you know a couple swirls and we're just
going to let it sit for about 15 minutes
on a slow boil right now it's hot
because I just got to get it going and
then we're going to let it actually
steam for about five more minutes we'll
see how it looks like with the texture
okay so this is what basically we want
it to look like we want it to sort of
come apart there's no more water in it
it's nice and hot once it's like this
you can actually use it right away or
you can refrigerate it once it's cooled
off a bit and use it for tomorrow or
some other time so I'm going to show you
what I put in mind you can really do
whatever it is that you want with any of
the products that you like for you like
raisins or whatnot I'm going to show you
what we're going to use right now okay
so we're going to be using what I do
usually you can justice how you want I
gave some measurements just so that you
had some kind of a view of what we're
doing but I usually eyeball this so I
eat a lot we're going to use a cup okay
Akina why it's still hot if it's not hot
you may want to warm this up in the
microwave I have two dates here but if I
would have had prunes I would have used
one day in one prune I didn't have any I
love cranberries I don't use raisins but
you can use raisins if you like and I'm
using here some walnuts but you can
probably use any other nut that you want
I just find those go better with the
quinoa you guys put all that in there I
have it's about two tablespoons of chia
seed and put that in there
same thing two tablespoons of hemp seed
and about two tablespoons of ground
flaxseed this is the golden con just
different kinds that you can use and at
this point I'm just going to give it a
whirl okay and it's it's going to be dry
to eat it like this because it's not
blended in um most likely when I do it I
do it with cold quinoa so what I end up
doing is I'll cover it with some almond
milk
I'm putting quite a bit for me a quarter
cup or something that I want to make
sure that it's completely wet because if
I put it in a microwave it'll suck up
the Chi I will suck up the flaxseed and
also the the prunes or the dates will
all also get that flavor in once it's
warmed up in the microwave you may want
to add your milk because it was put they
would completely disappear it here and I
always give it a tad of the cinnamon at
the top find it gives it that yummy
flavor and I am starving right now I'm
gonna take a bite of this so